Welcome to the Texas Institute of Technology, Innovation, and Science (TexITIS - https://texitis.com/about/)!

My name is Ibrahim Al-Akash and I am a Bioengineering student at Rice University. I created this website to share my knowledge about science, engineering, and technology, and help teach beginners, hobbyists, or DIYers from the basics to the advanced.

I work in the Texas Medical Center (TMC), which is the world’s largest medical center located in Houston, Texas. I currently work at Starling Medical, which is one of the most promising up and coming biosensor startups, as a Research & Development Product Engineering intern. Starling Medical is a product of Y-Combinator and the current product we are working on is a remote patient monitoring (RPM) device which can seamlessly measure and detect urinary tract infections using a modular toilet attachment. I was also on the engineering team at one of the world’s leading neurobiology labs, the Ray Lab at Baylor College of Medicine, working to learn more about Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS). My role consisted of developing electrical and mechanical systems to automate experiments done on genetically engineered mice. Additionally, I have experience working as an intern at NASA on the Artemis moon mission designing smart habitats and space suits.

Here at the Texas Institute of Technology, Innovation, and Science, you will learn everything you need to know about engineering, regardless of prior knowledge or experience. Informative, concise, and easy-to-digest articles will help you learn the theory and practical applications of bioengineering, electronics/electrical engineering, programming, mechanical engineering, chemistry, biology, physics, and more. Additionally, you can follow along with my top-of-the-line lab writeups and gain hands-on experience remotely. With this knowledge, you can create innovations that will change the world!
